with this conception you get
Goose bump commented Joachim Geilfuß
in the name of the jury, book the pictures
by con chello and philipp weishaupt
2010 at the Bundeschampionat the
five-year-old jumping horses in warendorf
95 and 98 was the couple of superior
not to take title profit
already the qualifications had come
cello with its ideal maria and
exemplary permeability with 9 2
and won 9 5
this was preceded by series victories in
jumping exam of the class a 2 star
l and m in 2008 became he comes to
best springs of satellite guidance in
marbach's father cello 1 gave his debut
at the holsteiner association changed then
to Baden Wuerttemberg and was
finally sold to the usa three
Shortened sons are recorded
the mother comes herself to jump m
successful nor did it
jumping horses ladanyi az and charivari kg
cello his foals bribe by type
motion quality character and
powerful galloping from the first
all foals got off the mark
sold away